Update debug tracer mode instructions for .NET APM. (#5742)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/_index.md

Tracer.Instance = tracer;
```

The environment variable `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` can also be set to `true`.

> Logs (Profiler and Tracer) are saved in the following directories:

Reviewer: The difference between the Profiler and the Tracer are internal details that most users are not familiar with. As far as they know, they install a single product, the ".NET Tracer".
```suggestion
Logs files are saved in the following directories:
```

| Platform | Path                                                          |
|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Linux    | `/var/log/datadog/`                        |

> | Windows  | `C:\ProgramData\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\` |

Reviewer: We should use the `%ProgramData%` variable here. In theory it could be something different than `C:\ProgramData`.

```suggestion
| Windows  | `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\` |
```

Tracer.Instance = tracer;
```

> The environment variable `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` can also be set to `true`.

Reviewer: Oh, good catch, @wantsui. The code above (`Tracer.Create(isDebugEnabled: true)`) has been deprecated for some time. It still works, but only for backwards compatibility, so we don't break existing users.

Going forwards, the best way to enable debug mode in the Tracer is setting `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` via one of the available [configuration options](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup/dotnet#configuration) (env vars, `app.config`/`web.config`, json files, or in code via `TraceSettings.DebugEnabled`). This applies to both manual and automatic instrumentation.

To enable debug mode in the Profiler (`dotnet-profiler.log`), `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` only works as an environment variable. This applies to auto-instrumentation only

Author: Should `Tracer.Create(isDebugEnabled: true)` be kept in the docs? Or should it be removed in favor of explaining how to configure the  `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` setting?

Reviewer: I should be removed in favor of the newer [configuration system](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup/dotnet#configuration).

Author: Is it okay if that gets added in a future update? I still have a few questions of what that'd look like.

Location of the profiler log:

| Platform | Path                                                          |
|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Linux    | `/var/log/datadog/dotnet-profiler.log`                        |
| Windows  | `C:\ProgramData\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\dotnet-profiler.log` |

> Location of additional logs when debug is enabled:

Reviewer: I think we can just keep the new table below (and drop the old one above) and say that all logs (Profiler and Tracer) are saved there by default.

Reviewer 2: +1 to Lucas's comment

Author: Thanks, I just removed the profiler log table. Can you check the latest wording?
